The "Data Guard remote process startup failed" error means that some part of
the Enterprise Manager environment is not setup correctly to allow Data Guard 
Manager to run a remote operation, such as creating a standby database with 
the Create Configuration wizard. Address each of the following items in the 
order listed to fix this problem:

  1)  Ensure the Oracle Intelligent Agent is running on both the primary and  
      standby nodes. 
   
      The Agent must be running for Data Guard Manager to function. Check it either
      by using the "Ping Agent" function in Enterprise Manager, or by
      running "agentctl status" on the primary and standby nodes. If it is not  
      running, start it by running the command "agentctl start". After verifying  
      that it is running on both nodes, proceed to step 2. 
   
  2)  Ensure the Oracle installations for both the primary and standby Oracle  
      Homes contain Perl.  
   
      On UNIX systems, verify this by looking in each Oracle Home for the  
      $ORACLE_HOME/Apache/perl/bin/perl file. On NT systems, look for the  
      file $ORACLE_HOME\apache\perl\5.00503\bin\mswin32-x86\perl. 
   
      If this file is present, Perl is installed; proceed to step 3. If not, 
      proceed with one of the solutions below.

      Solution A: Install the Perl that comes with Oracle

      This can be accomplished by performing the following for both the primary 
      and standby Oracle Homes:

        a) Run the Oracle Installer and choose the Oracle Home in question.
        b) Choose the "Oracle9i Database 9.2.0.1.0" option.
        c) Choose "Custom" for the installation type.
        d) Under "Oracle Enterprise Manager Products 9.2.0.1.0", choose to 
           install the "Enterprise Manager Website 9.2.0.1.0" item.
        e) Complete the install.

      After completing the installation, verify that the Perl installation 
      succeeded by checking for the presence of the above file. If successful,
      proceed with step 3.

      Solution B: Using an existing Perl installation

      This is an alternative to installing the Oracle Perl. If you already have
      Perl installed on your network, it is possible to tell Data Guard Manager 
      to use it instead of the Perl that ships with Oracle. There are two
      requirements:

        a) The version of Perl must be 5.005 or greater.
        b) The Perl executable must be accessible by the same pathname on both 
           the primary and standby nodes. (e.g., /usr/local/bin/perl). 
           The existence of the file should be verified on both nodes.

      If these two requirements are met, perform the following to tell Data Guard
      Manager to use the alternate Perl installation:

        a) Start Data Guard Manager.
        b) While focused on the Data Guard Manager window, press Ctrl-P; 
           this will bring up a dialog window.
        c) In the dialog, specify the full pathname of the alternate Perl 
           executable (e.g., /usr/local/bin/perl)
        d) Press OK

        Data Guard Manager will now use the alternate Perl, and there is no need
        to run the installer.
   
  3)  Ensure that the user specified in the primary and standby node preferred  
      credentials can successfully run an OEM job. 
   
      Data Guard Manager requires that OEM preferred credentials are specified  
      for both the primary and standby node. Furthermore, these credentials  
      must specify a user(s) who has read/write permissions in the primary  
      and standby Oracle Homes, respectively.  
   
      Note:  Databases that are on Windows NT/2000/XP require that the 
             the user(s) specified in the credentials must be granted  
             the "Log on as a batch job" privilege. 
   
      After checking that preferred node credentials are set correctly on both 
      nodes, run a test OEM job to verify that jobs are functioning properly.  
      Do this as follows: 
   
         a)  Select the Create Job item in the OEM Console Job menu. 
         b)  Give the job a name, select Node as the Target Type, select and  
             add the primary node as the target. 
         c)  Go to the Tasks tab, select and add "Run OS Command". 
         d)  Go to the Parameters tab and specify a simple OS command such  
             as ls on UNIX, or dir on NT. 
         e)  Click Submit. 
         f)  Once the job is finished, select the Jobs icon in the OEM Console 
             tree, select the History tab, and examine the Job output.  
   
         If the job was successful, jobs are working and you can retry the Data  
         Guard Manager operation that failed.  
   
         If the job failed, you must troubleshoot this problem and fix it  
         before continuing with Data Guard Manager. 
   
  4)  If problems persist, obtain additional information and log a  
      Support Request (iTAR). 
   
       If everything in the previous steps is OK, and Data Guard Manager  
       continues to fail, additional information is required to diagnose the  
       problem. The following two items must be obtained and submitted to  
       Oracle Support Services: 
   
       a)  OEM client tracing. 
   
           For example, if you encountered this error while running the 
           Create Configuration wizard, the Create Configuration wizard must 
           be run again in trace mode. This can be done by starting OEM from a 
           command prompt (i.e., not the Windows NT start menu) as follows: 
   
               oemapp trace console 
   
           Client tracing messages will appear in the command window from  
           which this command is run. Data Guard Manager should be started and 
           the Create Configuration wizard should then be run up to the point  
           where the error occurs. All tracing messages from Create  
           Configuration wizard start-up to this point should then be captured 
           and saved into a file. 
   
       b)  Data Guard job output 
   
           The output from any failed Data Guard jobs must be captured. This  
           can be done as follows: 
           1)  Select the Jobs icon in the OEM Console tree. 
           2)  Select the History tab. 
           3)  Double-click on the latest "DataGuardCtrlXXXX" job that has a  
               Failed status. 
           4)  An Edit Job window will pop up; double-click on the Failed line 
               to obtain the output. 
           5)  Put the output into a file. 
   
       If a Data Guard Manager bug is submitted, the tracing output and the  
       job output will be required. 